In this section we are discussing questions are the concept about restructuring.
This is about added restructuring.
So I am putting this question into added category.
There will be four related questions to this topic.
As the name restructuring says that something is getting this structure.
It also means that is already a structure which is getting broken.
When I say structure, it means the data structure.
So this structuring is a concept of breaking data structure like eddy or object literal into data pieces
or in other words, individual variables.
In this section we are discussing added restructuring for object, literally structuring.
You can check the audio section.
Added restructuring will look something like this.
Now, if you observe this figure, that is an array of four elements.
Generally, if you want to assign each element to a variable, you will write something like this where
you see it is equal to adding name.
In this square bracket you put zero.
That is the index number, right?
You go with B is equal to again adding name one and so on instead of that.
That is a way to de structure.
If you set the structure, that means you have a specific syntax of writing it.
Then all the values are automatically extracted from the array and assign to individual variables.
How?
Let's try with a practical example.
I'll create an array of four elements.
Again, I'll say same values 80, 90, 93, and let's say 26.
What I want is I want to have four variables in which I want these values to be extracted.
So I say, let now see this.
If I write a comma, B comma C comedy is equal to a sign that added to it, then this is not valid.
The reason is you cannot have a list of variables where you are planning to assign individual values.
And you also have to explain to the JavaScript that I am de structuring the ADD.
So what you do is you put these list of variables into square brackets.
Remember when you are looking at this, this is actually not an ad.
This is the syntax of the structuring.
Always remember that when you see square brackets on left hand side, that's actually not added.
It's actually de structuring and adding.
So now what will happen looking at the syntax array will be de structure and individual values will
be assigned to A, B, C and D respectively.
Let's try to display all variables here.
I'll say a comma, become a C, comma, D.
I'll save this and let's run the code.
Now you see that we have tried to display individual variables and they all have these different values.
So that's how a D structuring ad works.
It might also happen that this add a is returned by a function.
Let's say I have a function called.
Function test and this returns and add I just cut this at from this place.
And pasted here, there might be some variable which will have this added, but at the moment I just
returned this addy.
Now here I'm going to call the function.
Now, what does this function return?
It returns an ad.
So now we are restructuring it.
So again, you run the output, this very scene.
So that's how you can return an array from a function which is directly this structure.
So you might see that list of variables and a function.
Don't get confused.
It is just that you must be sure that this function is returning an array and getting the structure.
Sometimes it might happen that you do not want this 90 to be part of B.
Let's say you want this element to be blank right now.
This could have been here as well.
Or let me do that.
Let me put this thing back.
Right now, you just uncomment and remove the function.
Let me put A2 here now in case if you do not want that this 90 should be assigned to be.
Then you can keep this as a blank value.
So 90 will not be stored anywhere.
E, C and D will have 80, 93 and 26 respectively.
I forgot to remove the B, so I'll do that because there is no such thing.
Colby.
So now you see 1893 and 26.
So you may want to avoid assignment.
In some case, it's possible with restructuring structuring.
There is also one tricky example which we can try like swapping values.
Let's say it is equal to four, let b is equal to five.
So now you have two variables here.
See this?
I'll say E, comma b.
Is equal to be comma and I'll display cancel out a comma b.
So the tricky thing here is you have E and B two variables which you are putting as part of adding.
And because you have this structuring, what you do is you assign B to A directly and A to B directly
in traditional language.
We used to have third variable which stores the value and then you swap it here with the structuring,
you directly do it right.
So if I just say.
You see it is FIFO and B is for.
So with restructuring you can play with the code like this.
You can also use the rest operator with the restructuring.
For example, the area which you have, let's say led era is equal to, you have four or five and six.
Now what you want is you assign the era here, and in this case you will simply say, dot, dot, dot,
that's it.
And you are going to declare this with maybe a letter const keyword.
That's it.
So now it will become four and B will be an area containing two elements that is five and six.
So these are various combinations you can try with the structuring.
That is one more point, and that is about having a default value.
Let's say this add a doesn't have the second value, it just has only one value.
So now if I run this, it does have four, but b is undefined in case if it is undefined and you want
to just have zero in B.
So here you can assign equal to zero.
That's it.
This is how you define the default value.
This is a very common thing in ethics.
You also do the same thing with functions also.
So let me run this.
Now you see it has zero if there is no value.
Now, if I add a value here, let's say six and run this, then it will have six.
So this is a default value implementation you can do with this structuring as well.
Now let's discuss related questions of this topic.
So what is the restructuring assignment?
It is actually called as the structuring assignment or restructuring.
It's about extracting the databases from adding our object later.
But in this section we are discussing only ADD.
So we are extracting the databases from ADI and assigning it to individual variables.
That's the process we do when we say structuring.
The second question is swab values using restructuring.
We have already seen this.
This is the code which helps you to swab the values.
So the third question is what will be the output of this score?
So here we have A, B and C, but while assigning that only two values, one value is blank.
So if there is no value, you, you know that JavaScript returns undefined.
So we will have undefined in this case.
And the fourth question is how will you set a default value vhile d structuring an ad.
So here, let's say in this example, I just want to have a default value zero here, which we have
already seen.
So now if I run, we have zero as a default value.
So this is how you assign a default value while D structuring and adding.